---
title: "Building Tenants"
updated: "over a year ago"
---

# Building Tenants

Building Tenants allows you to add unique tenants to your buildings and building spaces to track tenant usage.

#### 👍 This article will help you:

* Add new building tenants to your buildings
* Assign building tenants to buildings or building spaces
* Upload lease documentation for tenants

To access Tenant Management, go to Settings on the left side menu, then Tenant Management.

#### Add a building tenant

To add building tenants, select the 'Add a tenant' button.

In the window that appears, enter the Tenant name and a Logo (optional). Select 'Save'.

To view, edit, or delete a tenant, select the tenant's name or go to the tenant's dropdown menu in the table.

#### Assign buildings or building spaces

#### 🚧 Using spaces with building tenants

While some tenants will occupy an entire building, most tenants occupy one or more spaces in a building.

There are two options for assigning tenants to spaces: create a new space, or use an existing space. Spaces may be created in a building's Spaces tab, prior to tenant assignment, or they may be created during the tenant assignment workflow shown below.

To assign tenants to buildings or building spaces, select a tenant, then go to the tenant's Building Spaces tab. If no assignments exist, select 'Get started by adding a building space'.

| Field | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Building | The building to which this tenant will be assigned. |
| Space | New space = A building space has not yet been created for this tenant.  Existing space = An existing building space will be used for this tenant. Select the space(s) to which this tenant will be assigned.  Whole building = The tenant occupies the entire building. |
| Space name | The space's name. Choose a name that best describes the space, like a suite or floor. |
| Space use type | The space's type, such as lobby, office, dining, or retail. |
| Area | The space's area in the building. |
| Floor | The space's floor in the building. |
| Operating hours | The average daily occupancy schedule for this space, from Monday to Sunday. |
| Vendor space ID (optional) | Vendor space ID is a unique identifier that links a space from a third-party system integration to a building in Atrius. |

Once an association exists between a tenant and a building or building space, the tenant's Dashboard tab will display corresponding data that is proportionate to the tenant's usage.

#### 📘 Tenant dashboards

In addition to the standard tenant dashboard that is automatically generated by Atrius, custom dashboards may also be created for each tenant—just like for buildings.

#### Add tenant leases

To assign leases to a tenant, select a tenant, then go to the tenant's Leases tab. If no assignments exist, select 'Get started by adding a tenant lease'.

Upload the lease file and enter the relevant information associated with the lease, including term start and end, base rent, and the building spaces associated with the lease.

---
